README.md, before:

# Options Trading System

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v2.1.0-blue)
![Trading Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/trading-live-green)
![Audit Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/audit-codex%20verified-gold)
![AI Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/ai-gemini%20enhanced-purple)
![Risk Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk-automated-orange)
![Success Rate](https://img.shields.io/badge/success%20rate-70%25-brightgreen)

Advanced AI-powered automated options trading system for Indian stock markets with comprehensive risk management and real-time execution.

## Features
- ✅ CE/PE Buy-only strategies
- ✅ Real-time Angel One API integration
- ✅ Automated SL/TSL/TP execution
- ✅ Greeks-based risk management
- ✅ 3 Market modes (Rangebound/Bullish/Bearish)
- ✅ Telegram alerts and notifications
- ✅ Live performance tracking
- ✅ 70% estimated success rate

## Quick Start
```bash
streamlit run app.py --server.port 5000
```

## Documentation
- [Complete Audit Report](AUDIT_REPORT.md)
- [Risk Configuration](risk_config.yaml)
- [System Architecture](replit.md)

Commit message:

Add MIT license and mention in README

README.md, after:

# Options Trading System

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-v2.1.0-blue)
![Trading Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/trading-live-green)
![Audit Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/audit-codex%20verified-gold)
![AI Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/ai-gemini%20enhanced-purple)
![Risk Management](https://img.shields.io/badge/risk-automated-orange)
![Success Rate](https://img.shields.io/badge/success%20rate-70%25-brightgreen)

Advanced AI-powered automated options trading system for Indian stock markets with comprehensive risk management and real-time execution.

## Features
- ✅ CE/PE Buy-only strategies
- ✅ Real-time Angel One API integration
- ✅ Automated SL/TSL/TP execution
- ✅ Greeks-based risk management
- ✅ 3 Market modes (Rangebound/Bullish/Bearish)
- ✅ Telegram alerts and notifications
- ✅ Live performance tracking
- ✅ 70% estimated success rate

## Quick Start
```bash
streamlit run app.py --server.port 5000
```

## Documentation
- [Complete Audit Report](AUDIT_REPORT.md)
- [Risk Configuration](risk_config.yaml)- [System Architecture](replit.md)

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
